There's not something specific that you need to know about yourself. Um,
you do need to understand your personality. You need to understand
the flaws in your personality, and you need to be willing to handle
those flaws effectively. That's very difficult to do because we're
naturally inclined to not see flaws in ourselves or at least not act
on them, um, to fix them. I mean, so I think, generally speaking,
and there's only a general answer. This is like realizing that there
are flaws in your personality and being able to pick them out. I would
say it's more effect. The question should necessarily be What do
you need to know about yourself? Um, but how more of how to directly,
uh, deal with the flaws in your personality and a way to do that
is basically, have someone that you trust with you. They can point out
those flaws on that could be any trusted subordinate or appear, or
the tried and true your superiors telling you that you're just plain
wrong